Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Ray Casias: Sorry I'm late.
Gwenevere Abriel: He forgot
Ray Casias: No, I, I actually
Ray Casias: Finally got some solid tweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
And
Ray Casias: It feels pretty good.
Ray Casias: I feel
Ray Casias: I don't know if I needed that I just built calm.
Ray Casias: And go pretty, pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any was that because you added a medication.
Ray Casias: The whole I
Ray Casias: Saw I saw it. I had a
Ray Casias: Really bad day yesterday.
Ray Casias: Had a really bad seizure.
Ray Casias: And I just felt disconnected all day after that, like,
Ray Casias: It's, it's really a blur to me nap right now so okay and and
Ray Casias: I was awake for
Ray Casias: A little bit.
Ray Casias: Over 30 hours cheese. Yeah, and
Ray Casias: I expected to just get my usual two or three hours of sleep.
Ray Casias: And I ended up sleeping. A good seven hours and
Ray Casias: That is this. I haven't done that and so long.
Ray Casias: It helped out
Oh, good.
Ray Casias: Oh, and I i I'm sorry about being late but and I realized that you have scheduled. So I know that will
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're okay. I had a will actually right. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have someone scheduled after me realize that, okay. That's okay. We're all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so let's kind of dive in and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we got here. Any feedback from the neurologist. Has there been any follow up, they do on their part to get a pre authorization, or whatever it is they need to do.
Ray Casias: They, they called me after Dr. Gabriel called them. They called me right away.
Ray Casias: And supposedly they're working on it.
Ray Casias: I didn't call yesterday and
Ray Casias: I didn't hear anything back but I'm gonna give them a call right after this meeting. I plan on calling them earlier. But I know what
Ray Casias: I'm yeah I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna bother the hell out of them.
Ray Casias: Until something gets done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We had begun to
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, our focus was very heavily on on that appointment. You know that neurologist. I think that's what us time is all about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but we were starting to hear some stories you know in your early childhood and
Ray Casias: And I started remembering bottom
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did a
Ray Casias: Lot of stuff. Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, well, why don't you pick one that maybe was in a dream or maybe a nightmare. Or maybe you think boy that has a big a big influence on on how I view myself or relationships like
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick one to talk about
Ray Casias: part for me to connect that with
Gwenevere Abriel: What, just tell me what you didn't think about, you don't have to work that hard i can i can help with that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what came up. What were some things you hadn't thought about for a while.
Ray Casias: You know, I always
Ray Casias: Like dad yeah okay well
Ray Casias: So after my dad I mentioned briefly that I'm ended up with somebody that was was far worse than my dad.
Ray Casias: He was a younger man and
Ray Casias: He was, he was the devil from serious do either terrible
Ray Casias: Quite a long time. I mean,
Think about that.
Ray Casias: About 10 years
Ray Casias: My dad was
Ray Casias: an alcoholic and asshole.
Ray Casias: This guy was just inherently evil. I mean, he he he took the domestic violence to a whole new level. He, he did things. I mean it was just everyday constant
Ray Casias: At one point, and
Ray Casias: I have a lot of siblings. But at that time, it was just myself and in
Ray Casias: My youngest sister.
Ray Casias: In the house.
Ray Casias: But everybody else was gone. And I remember we just felt so
Ray Casias: Terrified. And so, help, but she wasn't a lot braver than I was. She was that I mean she's look she's a little older than I am the shoot, stand up to them and
Ray Casias: Stuff and I always just felt so
Ray Casias: Helpless
Ray Casias: And scared.
Ray Casias: You know there were the triggers. We knew when they started raising their voices. I mean, we knew where it was going because it always went there couldn't just be a simple argument. It always it always went there.
Ray Casias: And so just hearing them start raising voices. We didn't know what to do, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Ray Casias: He hurt my mom so bad it yeah and then
Ray Casias: I did, I did, um, you know, all those years of feeling helpless that what I'm thinking about right now is
Ray Casias: When I turned 15
I
Ray Casias: I was I was
Ray Casias: Big enough and strong enough and i and i
Ray Casias: I decided I was I was never gonna just just watch him.
Ray Casias: Or run away from him and I
Ray Casias: I heard that pretty bad. What else teen years old.
Ray Casias: So much rage so much
Ray Casias: Anger and
Ray Casias: And I find me finally was able to
Ray Casias: Stop him.
Ray Casias: Of course, that caused problems tree and woman I and I could not figure that out. I absolutely
Ray Casias: I mean, she didn't want me
Ray Casias: Involved.
Ray Casias: That just boggles my mind. I mean, I was I was
Ray Casias: I got out of that I got out of everybody kind of $16 on my own time on 16 because
Ray Casias: I just couldn't understand why.
Ray Casias: Her and I would have problems.
Ray Casias: With me not letting him.
Ray Casias: hurt. Hurt so badly. I mean, she was sick. She, she had cirrhosis.
Ray Casias: She was
Ray Casias: So good to him.
Ray Casias: And I couldn't stand to see it.
Ray Casias: And I finally made it to where I could help her.
Ray Casias: And we just fell out.
Ray Casias: And that to
Ray Casias: Me. Once I got out.
Ray Casias: And always doing good. We we reconciled. It's not like we were
Ray Casias: But I just had this feeling that
I
Ray Casias: Didn't understand never gone. No, because he continued.
Ray Casias: On with that. And I mean, my brothers kicked his ass.
Ray Casias: We'd have to go
Ray Casias: I hated I hated to meet my sister there.
Ray Casias: But she would call us and you know our call my brothers when it got really bad. These she didn't know what to do and
Ray Casias: I wouldn't go because I knew how my mom felt about it, but my brothers would go kick his ass all the time. You know, you never, never would stop.
Ray Casias: He was so bad.
Ray Casias: This guy that
Ray Casias: You got in a
Ray Casias: Doesn't apply bar fight.
Ray Casias: And these people did the best to kill him. I mean, they stabbed him like 20 times they hit him with the hammer
Gwenevere Abriel: Kidding me.
Ray Casias: No. No kidding. He he he should have been god i mean
Ray Casias: They stabbed him in the chest to where his
Ray Casias: His sternum was leaking marrow into body. I mean, he was so bad.
Ray Casias: So bad at his family.
Ray Casias: In speaking with the doctors. I mean, it was pretty hopeless and they pretty much said, you know, just, just let him go, he's suffering.
Ray Casias: My mom said no I'm his wife and I have to say so.
Ray Casias: She would not let it go and ended up surviving at
Ray Casias: Home she nursed back to health to so long did everything for them, and soon as is better started being there again.
Ray Casias: And
Ray Casias: We later on we found a journal that my mom kept and it was way worse than any of us even knew about. And she wrote. She wrote things. I mean,
Got
Ray Casias: Too much to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's just notice how your stomach's reacting to that right
Ray Casias: Notice that, okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a new understanding about sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: A new summary about why that happened. Why that pattern happened you still stuck with not understanding
Ray Casias: I understand it better.
Ray Casias: But I don't think
Ray Casias: I don't, I don't understand it well enough, but still don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give you some new information that
Gwenevere Abriel: helped explain why that kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tolerance for abuse.
Ray Casias: Because I'm just, just, um, you know, I find that
Ray Casias: I
Ray Casias: Mean I I researched a lot of thing. I know.
Ray Casias: I did.
Ray Casias: Think of. No, I do a lot of
Ray Casias: Thinking
Ray Casias: And
Ray Casias: I will
Ray Casias: Just thinking about things have gained some insight and figure out ways to research.
Ray Casias: And gain more knowledge like
Ray Casias: There's a lot of
Ray Casias: For instance, like
Ray Casias: Remember my mom.
Ray Casias: I could say she had cirrhosis and she was sick all the time, but I remember the CP times I started remembering these times where
Ray Casias: She would get up in the middle of the night and
Ray Casias: To start vomiting blood
Ray Casias: And awful, and I never knew what that was. We thought it was something else.
Ray Casias: Um, so I just searched some keywords, you know. Dig Dug into it a lot and I
Ray Casias: I was able to figure out that it was it was the
Ray Casias: It was the condition of the cirrhosis, it was worse to be on that time.
Ray Casias: So stuff like that on think of things like that. And then it'll cause me to just look into things.
Ray Casias: Try to try to figure it out.
Ray Casias: Especially a lot of psychological things
Ray Casias: So I've looked into
Ray Casias: Things like that. So it hasn't been anybody really
Ray Casias: Giving me any understanding. It's just me seeking it out.
Ray Casias: I just
Ray Casias: Wear
Ray Casias: What gets me is the extremity of what she went through.
Ray Casias: At the at the
Ray Casias: And the cost and the cost
Ray Casias: It doesn't. It will never make any sense.
Ray Casias: I just can't get it to balance out at all, or like like even
Ray Casias: I just feel like it was just still dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what was her story was she worked her parents, similar to your father to this man.
Well,
Ray Casias: I don't know a whole lot about any of my grandparents, they were all gone. My, my.
Ray Casias: Things that are just anecdotal and they're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Your stories.
Ray Casias: Not really, not anything that that I can remember anymore.
Ray Casias: I started to
Ray Casias: Reach out to some my siblings have a lot of information.
Ray Casias: Me a little hard.
Ray Casias: I'm strange from my family, pretty much is there.
Ray Casias: Once my mom died. You know, I think struck they're there.
Ray Casias: They're not very good people, you know, they're
Ray Casias: They're conniving gossip, they
Ray Casias: cause trouble for each other word
Ray Casias: Doesn't make any sense tonight just myself from all that
Crap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just nothing like
Ray Casias: I'm not
Ray Casias: Not at all.
Ray Casias: With my brother Marvin is the exception.
Ray Casias: He reminds me and my mom.
Ray Casias: Was like her. Um, she was kind and loving, caring, why, and he's everything like that.
Ray Casias: And I feel I have this connection with him.
Ray Casias: And him and I mean he did the same thing before I ever
Ray Casias: Just as myself from everybody. He did, and I, I started to understand why. As I got older.
Ray Casias: And I'm
Ray Casias: mad. He can I hear things like I speak teeth. There's a nice to
Ray Casias: enjoy talking to and I hear these stories and man I was not wrong.
Ray Casias: To get them myself man there. It seems like they get worse as they get older.
Ray Casias: Like I don't have
Ray Casias: I'm not, I don't get get on Facebook or Twitter or anything like that. But my niece will send me anything.
Ray Casias: They're just add a controller that I even have a brother.
Ray Casias: One of my other older brothers.
Ray Casias: Now know he just starts
Ray Casias: To start talking shit about me because he doesn't know anything about me and he'll just start spewing. This is nonsense about me. That's so far off.
Ray Casias: And so stupid. I don't. I, you know, trying to elicit a response, I guess, but you know i don't i don't buy I don't buy. I won't buy into that.
Ray Casias: But it's so ridiculous.
Ray Casias: So, it sucks that I don't have
Ray Casias: Support from my siblings right now when I could really use it. My Marvin is
Ray Casias: doesn't live here. So,
Ray Casias: If he if he did, it would seem to be different for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he invited you to come stay with him for a bit.
Ray Casias: Uh, yeah, you have and you really, really want me to
Ray Casias: Um, it would just be too complicated for me to do that.
Ray Casias: Right now with my grandbaby
Ray Casias: Yeah, so
Ray Casias: Gosh, I really would love to.
Ray Casias: Know, I might just take a week or something or two.
Ray Casias: Because I think that would be restored. A really work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did to
Ray Casias: To be around him.
Ray Casias: No, it's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Stacy in
Ray Casias: Arizona.
Ray Casias: Yeah, so I mean he's just
Ray Casias: He is the best brother that I can imagine you've really done
Ray Casias: Been gone above and beyond for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he
Gwenevere Abriel: years older. Is he
Ray Casias: Quite good quite a bit at 15 years old and
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet he has some stories.
Ray Casias: Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandparents, I bet he knows
Ray Casias: Oh,
Ray Casias: Yeah yeah yeah do
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to ask them a little bit about what those grant what your maternal grandparents were like
Gwenevere Abriel: If there was substance use, if there was abuse just sometimes there's a certain story that will follow, even if there's not much
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little something that gets passed down
Gwenevere Abriel: Be curious about that.
Ray Casias: Yeah, I'll send them an email. See what what
Oh,
Ray Casias: No, he's real busy. It's got you want to companies.
Ray Casias: To pest control company.
Ray Casias: But I will
Ray Casias: I'll reach out to them because then not only kill ever normally or anything.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your daughter doing
Ray Casias: Really good. Really, I'm so proud of it.
Ray Casias: Is
Ray Casias: doing really good um
Ray Casias: She's busy.
Ray Casias: She's finally doing
Ray Casias: Our
Ray Casias: Job like she's planning.
Ray Casias: I'm really happy with the way she's handling himself now. And she's got it, got a grip.
Ray Casias: Know all the
Ray Casias: Love lot of the things that I worried that she wouldn't graph to getting really good
Ray Casias: Taking care of the baby extremely well just got getting good instincts and she's very responsible with things now.
Ray Casias: Really good out over there.
Ray Casias: She doesn't
Ray Casias: When I can catch her and
Ray Casias: Talk to her.
Ray Casias: I'm real happy with with when she is. She's up
Ray Casias: No.
Ray Casias: I'm at a point where a lot of things that I was worried about not worried about anymore. I couldn't
Ray Casias: Have some pieces for that goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the idea of relocating, there was a brief moment.
Ray Casias: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain.
Yeah.
Ray Casias: Okay. Oh.
No problem.
Ray Casias: Okay, I'm sorry.
Ray Casias: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was just saying that at one point you were, you were considering moving and maybe living near her, and didn't know if you were playing with that idea anymore.
Ray Casias: I am I'm
Ray Casias: My wife's making it really, really hard for me. It's like she doesn't
Ray Casias: Know really pissed her off that I even brought that up.
Ray Casias: But it but it's like
Ray Casias: I don't understand she's
Ray Casias: Like she
Ray Casias: Can't make it
Ray Casias: Okay, for me here, but they didn't want me tomorrow and it just doesn't make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what Ray. It sounds exactly like what you just described with your mother.
Ray Casias: Tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't understand. She can't make it good for you, but doesn't want you to go
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering well ways, you know, there's this
Gwenevere Abriel: This particular couples therapy that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called a mondo relationship therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all this work goes into taking know all the positive attributes of our caregivers and all of the negative attributes that we sort of rifle down, I would say, Hmm, I wonder how my current spouse has those, the most important ones in common.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the odd thing is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's those negative ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: That end up following us into the next relationship. And you would think that everything in, you would go screaming the opposite direction like this is why why on earth would I pick someone that's just like it. That's not logical.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that isn't what the psyche does what the psyche does is it brings in someone that resembles that because the longing to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is bigger. We want to heal from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: misalignment that Miss attunement that neglect, whatever it was. And so we end up bringing in creating somehow the same story.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just interesting. It's just noticeable because you said once again almost exactly the same way. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. She won't make it safe won't make it good for me but doesn't want me to go
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds just like what you said 20 minutes ago about your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't understand it. And we've read about you trying to understand, I can understand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is the moment like, well, what will you do, how will you understand it once and for all and will that understanding bring you healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where you get to grow. Maybe she'll grow. Maybe she won't, but this is an opportunity for you to grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will you because you're not 12 you're not 10 you're not five, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it can feel just as helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if we were real vulnerability from back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, it surprised me that I said that or. That sounds like something you've sat with before.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Ray Casias: No, I've been
Ray Casias: thinking so much about all of this.
Ray Casias: And I, I'm on the verge of
Ray Casias: bickering this out. I think I feel like
Ray Casias: Because
Ray Casias: And all
Ray Casias: Realistically, I mean,
Ray Casias: The way my health is
Ray Casias: I've got some precious time at me here. I feel like I'm just wasting it trying to make sure
Ray Casias: Other people are okay and I'm not making sure I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly what you had
Gwenevere Abriel: scheme to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life was on the line you're, you know, life was at stake, and here you are. And this decision is happening again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you ended up being just your, your, you and your mom worked it out. There was a an understanding of some kind. Afterwards, when you left
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't that the final outcome. There was a mad at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll never only okay
Ray Casias: Well, we know we recovered pretty well.
Ray Casias: Once
Ray Casias: I had to
Ray Casias: I want to say except because I didn't. I never accepted it, but I had to tolerate the fact that I knew everything was not okay. Even if she told me it
Ray Casias: It was exciting new better than that. But I had to
Ray Casias: Tolerate that I could just go
Ray Casias: save her from that and still want to be saved from it. She was in it and she
Ray Casias: If she, I feel that see and I don't know, I can't, I can't say that.
Ray Casias: I can't say, well, she could have
Ray Casias: Logically, I know she could have gotten out of it.
But
Ray Casias: I don't know what kept her in it. I can't
Ray Casias: Just assumed to say, well, she could have gotten out of it, you know.
Ray Casias: I know she could have
Ray Casias: For whatever reason, she didn't
Ray Casias: And I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe take some
Ray Casias: Dissonance that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, take some time. Right. And think about why you're staying
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not being taken care of. There's some negative stuff going on for you, but you are struggling with this decision, you know, maybe take it a little perspective to do some reflection about why am I saying, why would I stay
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, see, see if you can get some insight from there.
Ray Casias: There's a
Ray Casias: Big like
Ray Casias: Like you said three
Ray Casias: I'll make it
Ray Casias: I'm going to call him a poet is to make it ridiculously
Ray Casias: Simple because he's way more than a poet William Blake.
Ray Casias: Wrote a simple little poem called London, but in this poem, he
Ray Casias: uses the term.
Ray Casias: That got me really thinking and I can do it like pyramid on the philosophical
Ray Casias: Implications of this term mind forged medical
Ray Casias: And that's what kind of got me thinking about what I'm, what I'm doing to myself here.
Ray Casias: I've created this
Ray Casias: Seems like I've created this
Ray Casias: NGO
Ray Casias: Need to take care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So if it's this, so I'll have to go shortly. But if it's that if it's this this theory that I threw out there, then it's
Gwenevere Abriel: When Will your wife. Take care of one pill, she see your safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And will she put aside, whatever her hang ups her story and put you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Ray Casias: The wind or if
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's the dynamic that's where that healing moment is that's what was needed when you are with your mother. She couldn't do it. She didn't do it and here you are again.
Ray Casias: Thank you. Yeah.
Oh,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think everything's gonna be okay. But you might have to write your meeting this moment. Again, you might end up needing to take care of yourself again.
Ray Casias: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It turned out okay you know you're, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be the space right in there just sort of sitting with that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing what comes with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's uncomfortable so uncomfortable so confusing makes no sense. It's not logical isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: The decisions that we make in our family and that defies logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it has to do with attachment, you know, wanting, wanting that that impossible connection with someone that were
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know, Karen. No, they're not capable of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it doesn't add up. When you look at just measure people's treatment of you, it doesn't add up logically
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah Ileana heavy note.
Ray Casias: You're leaving me on a good note because I still
Ray Casias: Give me something I can, I can
Ray Casias: Tangible to me i can i can get
Ray Casias: I can dig into this idea here. So actually made me feel better gives me something.
Ray Casias: Some way that I can.
Ray Casias: help myself. I can dig in and start really thinking about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you do know what to do. That's the key. You do know what to do.
Yeah.
Ray Casias: Thank you very much. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you want to connect again.
Ray Casias: O
Ray Casias: One do two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. That would put you at
Gwenevere Abriel: February 25
Gwenevere Abriel: At
Gwenevere Abriel: 11am
Ray Casias: No point
Gwenevere Abriel: In February 25 11am and hopefully I will see you in room.
Ray Casias: Yes, I'm going to
Ray Casias: Show up on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, great. We love it.
Ray Casias: Okay, so
Ray Casias: I know otherwise Monday as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ray Casias: What
Ray Casias: What did I miss. So Monday, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so this is a follow up to the shame versus guilt and this was just a written worksheet, which you can do with us on Friday. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Amanda Davis: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing well. I saw one logging in and I didn't know I have written down to 15 so I didn't know if we may miss communicate. I didn't mean to come across like I was running late. But I had noted to 15 I hope that's okay.
Amanda Davis: Perfect. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, we're here now. Right.
Amanda Davis: Yes. Okay, wonderful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you able to do this assessment with the feeling okay
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I don't feel good today, but I'll do it. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me just kind of dive right in. I'm a little low energy sand in my day as well, but we'll just persevere. Okay.
Amanda Davis: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, just a little introduction, just so that you know who I am. Very briefly, I have been practicing here in Florida for about 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, and got my license in New Mexico, just to work with bright heart health. So about two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I think what I'll do is maybe ask if you could find a place to talk me sort of stationary so that I don't get dizzy. I'm
Amanda Davis: Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take your time. There's no rush.
Amanda Davis: That work.
Sure does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have been practicing for a while and very drawn to the field of addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have worked as an AP felony drug court outpatient and as an AP really enjoy working with the population. So it was just a seamless process for me to come here really enjoy working with folks that are kind of struggling with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So just to review. I give people my cell phone number and
Gwenevere Abriel: What I invite is that we use it as a check in for confirming appointments and then also if you have something sort of significant happening, you need to cancel, then you can text me
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't use it as a therapeutic tool, you won't. You know, if you can reach out and say hey at this all I'm so stressed out or completely overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I won't be texting sort of therapeutic advice, etc. You'll probably hear me right. Hey, can you meet in, zoom, when's the next time we can meet. OK.
Amanda Davis: OK, let me get your phone number. All then
Amanda Davis: What is it
954954 240-240-0884
Amanda Davis: Camera read that back 954-240-0884. Yes. And that's how do I spell your name again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so you can write
Gwenevere Abriel: Adding good right when je W. E. N. And then my last name is Aubrey yell, much like Gabriel without the G. So it's a E. R. I. P. L.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to just sort of jump right in here and ask you, um, what were you looking for from by heart health, where you already on Suboxone
Amanda Davis: I know I was. I wasn't already on Suboxone
Amanda Davis: I'm just getting clean
Amanda Davis: Cannot see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little fuzzy, but we're okay. I just mostly need to hear you today. Okay, it's really
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I, I needed to get clean. I've been clean now since since we started the program. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what were you doing prior to that we, I think mentioned one before. Right.
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So how long did you in
pain pills.
Amanda Davis: Meth
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you been doing the heroin.
Amanda Davis: Two years okay but mainly pain pills, what I was doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the first part of today's going to be really focused on getting a history of the opiate use. So maybe you could track back to the first time that you tried it for some people, as an entry and for you. When was that
Amanda Davis: Yeah, the first time I tried pain pills. I had breast cancer.
Gwenevere Abriel: What year was that
Amanda Davis: 2002 to 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: And they had you on what medication.
Amanda Davis: oxy cotton.
Amanda Davis: In morphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for how long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was any of this.
Amanda Davis: New 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: Really did okay that will time and at the most. How much were they prescribing at the oxy cotton.
Amanda Davis: A three or four day 30 so I was getting four day
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, at the most, you are doing for 13
Amanda Davis: Yeah. And then I was doing two more things they were 60 milligrams each. Okay. All right.
And then to do tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know the milligram of those morphine pills.
Amanda Davis: Be really grounds. Each 5060
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And at that point was, it's still not touching the pain on on with that amount of
Amanda Davis: Knowledge over the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It covered the pain.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So prior to that any experience use with opiates.
Amanda Davis: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so that puts us to 2009 what what was the progression after that.
Amanda Davis: Then it was pills after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Them okay so oxy cotton and morphine is our pills. So tell me what you mean by then pills. So you are to buying them off the street, is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and did it did the amount increase from what you just described, or did you cover the most
Amanda Davis: With oh that's that's what I did was that amount. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's stuck with that. And so they were doing the same amount but off the streets. And how about how long we able to manage that.
Amanda Davis: Until recently, as of late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Any
Gwenevere Abriel: Of heroin.
Amanda Davis: Occasionally,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what that is, that's different for everyone. What is occasionally for you.
Amanda Davis: I was doing like a gram a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you, adjusting that what type IV.
Amanda Davis: Mean smoking. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Granted it
Amanda Davis: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, any IV history.
Amanda Davis: No, I only at the doctors. I don't like IBS.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you didn't do any heroin through intravenous drug use. Okay. Nope, he an experimental used for ongoing use of fentanyl
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so tonight lifetime. Use the fentanyl
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I don't believe I've ever tried it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people, it's an accident. It's laced with a fill somehow they get what's called a fake he
Amanda Davis: Wanted to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, let's go over to know we understand this. Any overdose history with opiate use either intentional or accidental
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So denies lifetime overdose history right um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to another substance, let's go over to alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: ager first
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression. If was one and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the last use of alcohol. So at first you
Amanda Davis: Wait, what
Gwenevere Abriel: I will tell you when you first drink alcohol.
Amanda Davis: Easy Go was 18 and did
Gwenevere Abriel: You use it, how often after that.
Amanda Davis: I didn't like it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what was your last drink.
Amanda Davis: Probably New Year's Eve, about three years ago. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. New Year's here three years ago last drink and and history of blacking out
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Alright, so that really never developed into an abusive behavior or any kind of chemical dependence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And so at first use of nicotine.
I'm
Amanda Davis: 17
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression with that.
Amanda Davis: I still smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you stop.
Amanda Davis: Back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is your first use of marijuana
Amanda Davis: 12
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression with that substance.
Amanda Davis: Continue to smoke it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so, back when you were 12 maybe through middle school, high school. How much were you adjusting as
Often
Amanda Davis: Tobacco or metal medical marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go backwards again I'm going to start over. How old were you when you first ingested THC.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, well. Got it. How often did you smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much
Amanda Davis: As much as I could get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Up three bowls, a day, every day is an example where does that match to what your experience was.
Amanda Davis: Like I said, it's just everyday that all that I can get
Amanda Davis: Sorry, is that not good enough. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Will move on and so your last use, let's say, was it today.
Amanda Davis: No yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much did you ingest
Amanda Davis: We smoke double
Gwenevere Abriel: And who's the week.
Amanda Davis: My friend and I. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alrighty, and let's go over to oftentimes people will will use recreationally methylphenidate Adderall or Ritalin by Vance. Was that ever a part of your, your use.
Gwenevere Abriel: No denies lifetime you you've never used any even as a stir. None.
Amanda Davis: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, got it. Nice lifetime use of methylphenidate. And what about crystal meth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. At age of first use
Amanda Davis: Every teen 18
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously progression after that.
Amanda Davis: I do it every once in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so is that once a week.
Amanda Davis: Oh no, like, maybe once every three months or something. But I quit. I haven't done it since Christmas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last us Christmas.
Amanda Davis: Mm hmm.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any use in your history of barbiturates
Amanda Davis: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It denies lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to another system called a benzodiazepine people know them as Zan ease La Crosse a lamb.
Amanda Davis: Cloud was back in 2002 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And that was your first use
Gwenevere Abriel: It was described by a psychiatrist or off the streets.
Amanda Davis: Like I dress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what was that diagnosis. He was treating
Amanda Davis: generalized anxiety disorder.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you still have a prescription. When was your last use kind of break me off history around that.
Amanda Davis: Uses 2009 years since 2009. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's your first use of cocaine.
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you've never used either. Neither powder cocaine or crack cocaine. Is that correct,
Amanda Davis: Correct. Can you suppose
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's look at the hallucinogens any huffing behavior or whippets in your history.
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies I type of thing or whippets. What about mushrooms.
Amanda Davis: No. Oh, I tried. When I was in high school.
Gwenevere Abriel: One time use in high school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 10 years of high school. Yeah, mushrooms, any experimental use of TCP
Know,
Amanda Davis: Right, nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of acid as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing go got it right, and some some
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me understand a little bit about your treatment history, for example, for some people, they've been in residential treatment before coming here. Have you ever been in treatment before
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your first treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, look at that. Okay. Well, welcome. Glad you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a few of you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first treatment and including hospitalization never been hospitalized because right you mentioned you didn't have an overdose. So there's no hospitalization there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any experimenting with a or na in your community.
Amanda Davis: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've gone into a room and once or twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay didn't like it.
Amanda Davis: It always triggers me to use
Gwenevere Abriel: People telling their stories kind of hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So some experimental visitors of the fellowship, but no ongoing
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's let's move over to another section. Let's go into a little bit of history about around the psychiatric history. Have you ever been diagnosed. I heard the generalized anxiety disorder. The diagnosed with anything else.
Amanda Davis: No, I
Just see here
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No eating disorder, no impulse control no learning disorder, no history of schizophrenia and your family history either side. Mother, father.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right okay and
Amanda Davis: I do have bipolar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha, that is a diagnosis. Yep. Okay. Got you. How old were you when that was diagnosed
Amanda Davis: Oh, it was probably 30
Gwenevere Abriel: So age 30 diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Will you prescribe medication.
Amanda Davis: I don't take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it
Amanda Davis: I don't take the medicines Abilify
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever try it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. For how many weeks.
Amanda Davis: They've got me on olanzapine now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you like the effect
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get back in here. Any hospitalizations for that bipolar piece any
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of wanting to hurt yourself or that mood being so expensive or so depressing at one point that you ended up being hospitalized. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: No hospitalization history. Okay, and speech down here in lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever thought about wanting to die, and even made a plan took action or actually tried to take your own
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You've no
Gwenevere Abriel: No lifetime you deny suicidal ideation.
Amanda Davis: Over how that goes straight to the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to ask that again is a really important piece of information, you mentioned something about going to the hospital and you were moving. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly so
Gwenevere Abriel: We had thoughts of in the past and you asked yourself to a hospital.
Amanda Davis: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Amanda Davis: A 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you try to take your own life, or it was only
Amanda Davis: I went to the hospital. The moment I had those feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's so smart way to go. I like it.
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Self care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's just a suicidal thoughts you went in there. Did they admit you overnight or two or three
Amanda Davis: Yeah I stayed there for about three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: mart lady.
Amanda Davis: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so safe to say you're not currently having any suicidal thoughts.
Plan intent action.
Amanda Davis: Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice current suicidal ideation and plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about homicidal. Do you have a history of wanting to
Amanda Davis: Grow that I've never experienced
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies lifetime homicidal ideation plan and 10 or action. How about self injury if you ever cut yourself hurt yourself to try and injure yourself.
Though
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you tell me if you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Same thing, you know, you got yourself to the hospital. If you have those thoughts. I'm going to want to help. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so smart. Love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What other medications are you on
Amanda Davis: A cover some olanzapine
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how many milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 and for how many months days or weeks. Have you been on it.
Amanda Davis: About a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the name of your psychiatrist.
Amanda Davis: Its partners in recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that sounds like a substance use place. It's not or it is
Amanda Davis: It's not, it's behavioral health
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recovery, you're not sure who the right because the provider may change depending on who's there.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you said no history of suicide in either side of your family.
Amanda Davis: Right. My mom used to try to attempt suicide.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know if she had a mental health disorder. Yeah.
Amanda Davis: She's bipolar depressive
Gwenevere Abriel: She said history of and but that's she's still alive.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so no psychotherapy in the past.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the medication to address.
Amanda Davis: The bipolar. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to the next section. You're doing great. Okay, we've got where you adopted.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mother still living.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, bipolar.
Depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any medical illness for your mother that you know have hypertension, diabetes,
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and this one's interesting. Most people don't use these kinds of words to describe the quality of relationship. Are you still there.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I'm here, I'm going to the bathroom.
Amanda Davis: Okay. So no, I haven't had any
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna put you on pause for just a second.
Amanda Davis: Thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so somebody. I'm going to share these words with you.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: We can move pretty quickly if if none of them work. That's fine. We're just going to pick a few you're in a CD.
Gwenevere Abriel: cleanse it describes the quality of relationship with your mother. This happens to be a positive list. There's another list and sometimes it's a combination for people and that's okay. So an adequate close consistent fulfilling any of those
Amanda Davis: Adequate
Gwenevere Abriel: Functional intimate loving any of that.
Amanda Davis: Functional in loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Reliable rewarding satisfying stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stable already. How about supportive symbiotic
Amanda Davis: Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's start over to these other words, let's just see a passive avoidant boring.
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chaotic controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Know distant exploitive fragile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know inconsistent electrical parasitic
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, finishing failed traumatic unfaithful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know unhappy unhealthy and satisfying and supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, I'm pretty positive relationship with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Father, is he living
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Any psychiatric history, just like the questions I asked about mom psychiatric
When there's
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And then let's go to the quality of relationship at a quick close consistent or some of these abusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or close. All right, let me get in there. We'll go close any of those other words
Amanda Davis: That's all. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And healthy relationship with each other. See fight your mother and father. Remember those words we just used. What are some words to describe the quality relationship between mother and father
Amanda Davis: Loving
Gwenevere Abriel: God and. Do you have siblings.
Amanda Davis: I have a brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he is older or younger.
Older
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of relationship with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, remember some of those words good not on that list. What would be a word to kind of grab that relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: loving, loving
Helpful. I just closed the whole thing. So I getting thickener will take second
Gwenevere Abriel: Car brother older brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much how often you get to see him.
Amanda Davis: He lives with my parents. So anytime on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they live nearby.
Amanda Davis: They live in Arizona. Yes.
Arizona.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever done no psychiatric illness, no substance illness for an older brother.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been married
Amanda Davis: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you married now.
Amanda Davis: No, I'm divorced
Gwenevere Abriel: And is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go down here.
Let's go.
Amanda Davis: Is quite noisy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so yeah, this is your first time doing this. This is called a bio, which is the body Psycho, which is sort of our mind and social we're doing social right now we're doing you know friends and marriage and relationships with family, it is comprehensive, it does feel like it's nosy yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah. So right now you are divorced in what year
Amanda Davis: 2009
Gwenevere Abriel: How long we married
Amanda Davis: For years,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say presentation or substance abuse with your ex.
No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the quality of relationships, remember some of those words was there any abuse or chaos controlling behavior in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So was it adequate close loving stable supportive
Amanda Davis: Know, it was like unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go down here that word. I remember seeing it unhealthy punishing with it neglectful unfaithful.
Gwenevere Abriel: unfaithful traumatic.
Amanda Davis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay. Got a few words in there. Thank you. And we got that. There we go. Okay. And then we also notice we are 2009 and nearly four years. Okay. And he did. I help children in here. I thought I heard some kids around lunch during a group at your place. I didn't know they were
Gwenevere Abriel: Raised grandkids. Okay. All right. Let's see, this is this section.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, where were
Gwenevere Abriel: You born
Amanda Davis: Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. And when you hear stories about your mother's pregnancy wasn't wasn't normal
Amanda Davis: Normal. I was a little late.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little late. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got one of two
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperament when your parents talk about your sort of temperament when you were a baby.
Amanda Davis: Excuse me. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll do this day where you're laying down but next time you want to treat it as if you're in an office just to sort of both of us take it seriously. But this is your treatment program. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So temperament. I'm going to throw out some words CSS sounds like something maybe your mom or might have described anxious easy or cranky when you were little one.
Um,
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. How about cuddly extrovert fussy.
Amanda Davis: I was fussy.
Gwenevere Abriel: fussy. Okay, how about happy introvert overactive
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy be sad shy withdrawn.
Amanda Davis: Withdrawn beautiful
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you have any fears, when you were little.
You know,
Amanda Davis: I will mark no fears.
School
Gwenevere Abriel: Performance, they kind of there's some interesting words in here just to kind of get your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going was. It was school. Basically you just liked it. It was outstanding normal disorganized dyslexia hyperactive. Like what kind of staff.
Wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal, normal okay and no reading problems, no speech problems, none of that.
Amanda Davis: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of friends in school, many friends close friends, few friends are teased by friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: What should I write for friendships, when you were younger. What should I write
Amanda Davis: Good. They're good. I still have some other friendships alive today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're behaving with each other. Did they argue in front of you ever where they
Amanda Davis: Argument or friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know where we've moved on to parents were moving quickly for you so that your parents in front of you. Did they argue frequently in front of you or get violent in front of you.
Amanda Davis: Know, occasionally occasionally
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, never grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hit with a belt.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit with a fist.
Amanda Davis: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is, you were talking about where you ever hit with a belt.
Amanda Davis: Yes, I was. It was about
Gwenevere Abriel: And we are slapped
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, her, her it was anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. We got saved, and in your history book experience physical abuse.
Know,
Amanda Davis: Somewhat
Amanda Davis: You're talking about this. This to me and my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well yeah, I mean your assessment of whether you were physically abused. Do you believe you were
Amanda Davis: You saw. Sometimes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever abused by a friend, a partner or a stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, which one
Amanda Davis: Friend partner industry injure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll mark them all. And are you a survivor of a sexual assault as either as a child, maybe molestation or as an adult.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You were not touched inappropriately as a little girl.
Amanda Davis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know you're not a survivor of a rape.
Amanda Davis: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and any neglect where you were left alone for long periods of time when you were little get to feed yourself really we're taking on the role of an adult, when really apparent needed to have been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, we are bullied at school.
Amanda Davis: No. Occasionally, everybody was
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, you were bullied all Mark Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And again, going back to younger. Were you ever cruel to animals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know any binge eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: No fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Were you if you ever purged like let's say
Amanda Davis: Eight and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of got rid of the food, either through a laxative or inducing vomiting.
Gwenevere Abriel: No ever bring a weapon to school.
Amanda Davis: Know,
Amanda Davis: Her skip school. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I run away from school.
Yes.
I'm at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever run away from home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Okay. Education. How far did you get
Amanda Davis: The some college
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a high school graduate or did you get GD
GD alright see
Gwenevere Abriel: GT and some college. Okay, and then see
No, no, here.
Easy for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're a few credits in college. Where did you
Amanda Davis: And I went to
Amanda Davis: I can't remember the name of it, um,
Amanda Davis: I went to college to become a medical assistant
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you pretty close to being done, or you just got the
Amanda Davis: ball roll.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time.
Amanda Davis: Then I completed that
Amanda Davis: I can't think of the name of the college
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right, miss. No worries.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a typical employment history for you, for example. Are you employed right now. What's gone
Amanda Davis: No manipulate. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And homemaker or like this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just part of like the the status in your, your recovery that you're unemployed and that'll
Amanda Davis: Look like
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you normally working
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So typically unemployed see financial status.
Amanda Davis: Next week,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you financially status stable or unstable.
Amanda Davis: Unstable
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you identify as a heterosexual of
Gwenevere Abriel: Five lesbian. Um, what else or other, I suppose.
Amanda Davis: Just other
Gwenevere Abriel: Other so you like both males and females.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Single partner multiple partner, like, are you in a long term relationship now.
Amanda Davis: No, I'm single.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when typical romantic relationships for you. Are they are they use of chaotic. Are they loving or close
Amanda Davis: Loving, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're almost done. I can see you're not feeling well. I'll just put I got some things I know how many children, you have
Amanda Davis: three daughters, one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: To children daughters one son and
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you like to do for fun.
Amanda Davis: I love being around the kids and grandkids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Land with kids and grandkids. Excellent. You ever been arrested.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And obviously, they have no open charges.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is your goal. This is the last part, you did great. I know it's tough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your there's two goals. We're going to set one of them has to do with the buprenorphine and your substance abuse just isolating it right there. Overall, what do you want to do with with
Amanda Davis: I want to be clean and sober off everything
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, okay, I want to be clean and sober off everything. Beautiful. Second one. I'm thinking more on a behavioral or emotional or inner personal. What's a personal goal for you that you want to work on. It'll drive what we talk about what we do together.
Amanda Davis: Just to get clean
Gwenevere Abriel: That kind of goes with the first one, see if there's anything else.
Amanda Davis: Maybe work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe work. That's beautiful.
Okay, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say one more time.
Amanda Davis: And lose some weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I want to work and lose some weight. Okay, so we'll have three goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. Let's pick another time to meet and then we can slow way down and hopefully you'll feel better. We can kind of slow down and get to know each other a little bit. Okay. Sorry about
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Soon, let's meet. If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You meet at nine o'clock on next Wednesday.
Amanda Davis: Get a little later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tell me why what's going on the clock for you.
Amanda Davis: I have to get people off to work in school. I'm not available at nine o'clock I need something a little later in the afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't see people typically in the afternoon, but I'm going to look at my schedule and see what pure. Okay.
Amanda Davis: Well, what's the latest appoint me you have
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking right now.
Amanda Davis: Okay, thank you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may change as early phases we sell in it may change from
Amanda Davis: week to week
Gwenevere Abriel: But we'll, we'll find a good spot that works for you.
Amanda Davis: Okay, that sounds good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be able to do 11 on Wednesday.
Amanda Davis: Yes, this tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, ma'am. That would be next Wednesday, February 19
Amanda Davis: Okay, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you need medication. If you do, I'll text to your doctor that you were here today. Does that sound like maybe you do need some to get you to the
Amanda Davis: Next one.
Amanda Davis: No, I think I'll be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but we got to be really careful if you don't have enough to get to your next fruit, then you'd want me to message her doctor right now.
Amanda Davis: Okay, yeah, go ahead and message or just in case.
Amanda Davis: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When's your next appointment.
Amanda Davis: Wednesday at 11
Amanda Davis: When's your group.
Amanda Davis: Monday at one
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your next appointment Monday.
Amanda Davis: Yeah, I thought I knew. So then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then you're good to go. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: No better
Amanda Davis: No better judge you later. Bye bye.